The Cycle ride
It is a lovely sunny day.
Peppa and George are
finishing their breakfast.
Today is a good day
for a cycle ride.
A cycle ride, yippee!
Peppa and George love cycle ride
Peppa has her bicycle.
George has his tricycle,
mummy and daddy
have their tandem.
What's that?
It's our bicycle.
I sit at the front and
mummy pig sit at the back.
And we can put these two seats
on the back for peppa and George.
But we want to
ride ourown bicycles.
George is a bit too little
his legs will be very tired.
But I am a big girl,
I won. T get tired.
It will be a long cycle ride,
Peppa, are you sure?
Yes, daddy, I am sure.
Ok, are we all ready?
Yes, daddy pig.
Then Let's go.
Wee...
I am winning.
It is not a race, Peppa.
It's just a gentle bicycle ride.
Yes, daddy but I. M still winning.
Haha, now we are winning.
I don't like cycling up hill.
Peppa, we won the race.
No, you didn't, daddy.
Because I wasn't racing that time.
But now I am
Can't catch me.
Ah, you cheeky little piggy.
Hello, ducks, we are
having a cycle ride.
Hello, ducks.
I've forgotten how much
I love cycling.
Oh, I've forgotten how much
I hate cycling up hills.
The ground is getting quite steep.
I don. T like cycling up hills.
But look at the beautiful view.
My goodness, this is hard work.
Mummy pig, you're not peddling.
Sorry, daddy pig,
I was just enjoying the view.
Peppa and herfamily have
reached the top of the hill
All peppa's friends are here.
Hello, peppa.
Hello.
We are going to have a race on our bikes.
Peppa, do you want to race too?
Ok, as long as we race down the hill.
Ok.
Peppa and herfriends are
going to race down the hill.
Are you all ready?
Ready.
You can start when I honk the horn.
Like this.
Pedro has set off too soon.
Stop, Pedro.
The race hasn't started yet.
Sorry, MR. Pig.
I was just letting you know
that the horn sounds like this.
Stop! Stop!
Sorry, Pedro.
That time was my fault.
The next time
when I honk the horn,
you can go.
Did you say go?
I think so.
Go! Go! Go!
Go on, Peppa.
But daddy, you
didn't honk the horn.
Danny dog is in the lead.
Wait for me.
Wee... I win!
Well done, Peppa.
Yes, I'm very good at
cycling down hill.
It is home time
for Peppa's friends.
Byebye, Peppa.
Bye.
Home time for us too, Peppa.
Mummy, I am tired.
All the cycling up and down
the hills has made my legs tired.
Can I ride on your bike?
But where would daddy pig sit?
Well, Daddy can ride my bike.
It's very nice.
Oh, okay.
I love the tandem.
Daddy, do you like my bike?
Yes, Peppa, it's very nice.